GH-2862: Add Option to Log Recovery to DLPR (#2869)
spring-projects/spring-kafka: spring-kafka-docs/src/main/antora/modules/ROOT/pages/kafka/annotation-error-handling.adoc

If the partition is not present, the partition in the `ProducerRecord` is set to `null`, allowing the `KafkaProducer` to select the partition.
You can disable this check by setting the `verifyPartition` property to `false`.

> Starting with version 3.1.0, set `logRecoveryRecord` to `true` will log recovery record and exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 3.1, setting the `logRecoveryRecord` property to `true` will log the recovery record and exception.
```
